Found a proper site yo https://discretize.eu/fractals/

Fractal Notes:
	Aetherblade
		-
	Aquatic Ruins
		- 
	Captain Mai Trin Boss
		Person with purple icon has aggro. Lure her into electric AoE to break 10 stacks of shield, then smash her. 
		Kill adds.
	Chaos
		Kill fanatics, do jumping puzzle past harpy golems.
		Kitty Golems & Chaos Anomaly
			Pull golems together, move away when you have big AoE stuck to you, smack Anomaly, repeat x3.
		Light all 4 bonfires to melt a wall.
		Brazen Gladiator
			Only damagable after he steps on purple square. His attack dazes so get Stability.
			
	Cliffside
		- 
	Deepstone
		West: Tetris
			Deepstone Sentinel: Spawns tornado on itself every 20% hp. CC the tornado to save teammates.
		East: Spiders
			Avoid wind AoE at all cost, 2 people stand on runes, go and kill spiders.
		Use Light of Deldrimor to make shadow creatures vulnerable.
		Use Alacrity to reduce its recharge for faster gap crossing.
		Use pulls in elevator for fast clear.
		The Voice
			Teleports away at 80% and 40% HP. CC him to stop the beam attack.
			Teleports to center at 61% and 21%. Stay near him and kill ads as they approach. Slow them with Light.
		
	Molten Boss
		- 
	Molten Furnace
		At the final boss, you're apparently supposed to split in 2 groups for the start, then not stack while the middle bit is getting destroyed (something about reflecting?) then stack for the actual final boss (who dies quick but has 4 stages)
	Nightmare
		- 
	Shattered Observatory
		- 
	Siren's Reef
		1 Cannon:
		- One guy stay on the cannon to kill ads, rest kill the guy? (needs more info)
		Treasure:
		- Two chests, throw them to teammates, try not to throw it onto eyeballs, if someone does, let it drop.
		- Take the chest to the ship.
		Ship
		- Take the chest from the other side to the ship. 2 people on cannons, rest bouncing chest. Kill boss.
		- Same shit on other side.
		4 Cannons
		- 4 guys on cannons, one killing ads that spawn on ship or make it all the way.
		Final boss
		- Kill adds. Elite first, then the rest.
		- Take red circle away from team and learn dodge timing.
		- Take green circle to team to split the damage.
		- If you must eat an AoE, eat any that isn't a straight line. That will blow you off the ship and you're screwed.
		
	Snowblind
		- 
	Sunqua Peak
		- 
	Solid Ocean
		- 
	Swampland
		3 Wisps
			Spread to the 3 wisps, pick them up at the same time, avoid traps and mobs to bring it back fast enough.
			Switch utility skills and let characters with teleports/stunbreakscarry wisps. Give teammates Stability/Aegis.
			An item can be picked up near the door to break stuns on wisp carriers, use it.
		Kill Mossman.
		Bloomhunger
			Keep walking into green circles. Boss goes invuln every 25% hp. Kill ads and blossoms.
			At 25%, 4 wisps appear that must be delivered quickly, then GG.		
	Thaumanova Reactor
		Kill the elite in the center back. Jump pad to North-East to Slime.
		Slime: Do not smack when it is a shield. You die.
		Go to East, do some PvE.
		Go south to do the shield maze. 3 buttons, have to be pressed sequentially. Avoid golems.
		TODO: How to solo heat room? 1 person can go do that while the others do the shield maze.
		For the boss fight, establish a player order for the special ability to save the platform. Stack at boss and melee.
	Twilight Oasis
		- 
	Uncategorized
		- 
	Underground Facility
		Start
		- 1 person goes up to the room to open the door and stays there. Team runs through.
		- A 2nd person goes up again to open the 2nd door.
		
		Bombs
		- Wait for pipe to puke out bombs (red marker), grab stealth, run through red circles, place bomb.
		Boss
		- Run past ads, run far into the boss room on the left side to de-aggro them.
		- Purple icon means aggro, lure him underneath a barrel and douse him, then DPS. Can be done in 1 go.
	Urban Battleground
		- 
	Volcanic
		- 